readme and ouputs following split (#6)
dwp/dataworks-aws-ingest-consumers: README.md

# dataworks-aws-ingest-consumers

This repository contains the Terraform required to stand up the DataWorks Kafka Consumers from the upstream UC brokers.

The code for the applications is found in
* [Kafka-to-HBase consumer code](https://github.com/dwp/kafka-to-hbase)

> The core AWS Ingest infrastructure tha this sits in is held within DWP private github..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core AWS Ingest infrastructure that this sits in is held within DWP private github.
```

## Repository setup.

After cloning this repo, please generate `terraform.tf` and `terraform.tfvars` files using
 
```
make bootstrap
```

> You must also do this after every change top the terraform variables and inputs required by this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also do this after every change to the terraform variables and inputs required by this repo.
```

## Updating Concourse Pipelines

This can be done with

```
make concourse-login
make update-pipeline
```

The main pipeline will also self-update every time we merge to master, to ensure it's up to date.

### K2HB insight stats

See also 
* [Kafka-to-HBase consumer code](https://github.com/dwp/kafka-to-hbase)
* The DataWorks AWS Ingest terraform

#### Number of containers seen in time period

For a stable system, should always be the ESC main clusters desired_tasks, to match the partitions in the broker.

   ```
  # k2hb number of containers seen in time period

>   # ...for a stable system, sould always be the ESC main cluser's desired_tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # ...for a stable system, should always be the ECS main cluster's desired_tasks
```

   | stats max(safe_lag) as lag_max_each by bin(1h) as time_slice, hostname
   | sort by time_slice asc, hostname asc
   ```

#### Failed batches

   ```
   # Failed batches per table caused by sanity check exceptions
   parse 'Failed to put batch Failed * action: org.apache.hadoop.hbase.exceptions.FailedSanityCheckException: Requested row out of range for doMiniBatchMutation on HRegion *,*servers with issues: *,*' as number_of_actions, table, middle, host, end
   | stats count(*) as number_per_table by table, host
   | sort number_per_table desc
   ```
   
   ```
   # Failed record writes by table, most first
   filter message = "Error writing record to HBase"
   | parse '*db.*:*' as data, table, data2
   | stats count(*) as write_failures by table
   | sort write_failures desc
   ```

#### Partitions seen

Note for some queries we use the hostname as a proxy as each consumer gets assigned different partition(s).
The `partitions` field is actually a list - but if our number of containers matches the number of partitions, they should get one each.
With one container we would see "0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5". With three, "0, 1" and "2, 3" and "4, 5", and so on.

> Seeing more than 6 in an hour implies a consumer group re-balance occurred, as `count_distinct(partitions)` will see all the combinations that exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeing more than the max task count in an hour implies a consumer group re-balance occurred, as `count_distinct(partitions)` will see all the combinations that exist.
```
